													EZMarket BOUNTY CAMPAIGNS

Hello, EZMarket community!

The EZMarket team is delighted to present you the official bounty-program.
From now, we invite you to participate in our campaigns to help us to build a strong community.

Details:
Start date: 25.09.2017
End date: 25.11.2017
For the bounty program, EZMarket has reserved 4% of all tokens.
Participate in our bounty program to get a nice share of these tokens!
We are looking forward to engaging with you!
Bounties will be distributed when the EZM ICO smart contract creates and distributes EZM tokens at the end of fundraising rounds.
Below you will find a detailed list of different bounty campaigns of EZMarket.

Important:
All your stakes will be updated at the our bounty page.
To join the program, you must register an account at: https://... .

														1. SIGNATURE CAMPAIGN

Rules:
1. Make at least 10 quality posts per week
2. Posts with less than 50 characters will not be counted as valid posts.
2. Posts will be counted from Monday 00:00 UTC until Sunday 23:59 UTC. The first week will be counted from this thread posted time until Sunday 23:59 UTC
3. Spamming or making unconstructive posts will not be counted
4. If you remove the signature in any time of week, you will lost your stakes of that week (stakes of other weeks still remain).

Rewards:
1. Jr. Member       : 50   stakes/week 100
2. Member           : 70   stakes/week 120
3. Full/Sr. Member  : 100  stakes/week 150
5. Hero/Legendary   : 150  stakes/week 200

+ 50 stakes per week, if you wear our Avatar

How to join:
First wear the signature based on your rank and then post as following format:


														2. TRANSLATION CAMPAIGN

Rules:
- The use of Google translator is not allowed. Participants using google translator will be instantly disqualified. 
- There will be only ONE translation per person. Applications for multiple translations/ languages will not be accepted.
- Apply for our White paper and ANN thread at [link]

Rewards:
white paper: 500 stakes/language
Thread: 100 stakes/language

How to join:
Post your request as following format
-Your Language:
-Bitcointalk profile url:
-Reference to previous works:
-Translating Whitepaper: (Yes/No)
-Translating ANN : (Yes/No)
You will be contacted through Personal Message if you are selected for the bounty campaign.

                                                             3. Facebook and Twitter

Rules:
1. Your account more than 50 friends or followers
2. Your account must created before August 2017.

Rewards:
Like/follow page: 50 stakes
Repost/Retweet with the hashtags #EZMarket #ICO: 10 stakes
Comment posts: 5 stakes
Like posts: 2 stakes

How to join:
Follow our FB and TW page then post as following format:



											4. BLOG POSTS, ARTICLES AND VIDEOS CAMPAIGN
Rules
1. Low-quality articles and videos will not be accepted.
2. Articles and videos must be original work.
Copying other people’s content is not allowed. (You can use official images, logos, graphics posted in website, ANN thread, Facebook, and Twitter).
3. Articles must be longer than 200 words.
4. Videos must be at least 30 seconds long.
5. Articles must have link to the official project website (https://ezmarket.io) and a link to the ANN thread.
6. In the description of a video, you must have one link to the official website and a link to the ANN thread.

Rewards:
You will receive 50-200 stakes depending on the quality of the post

How to join:
Post your works as following format:

                                                5. chinese messengers campaign
The owners of Weibo, QQ or Wechat accounts with 100+ subscribers can join our bounty campaign, posting articles about our ICO in Chinese language with the link to our website.

Rules

1. Articles and videos must be original work.
Copying other people’s content is not allowed. (You can use official images, logos, graphics posted in website, ANN thread, Facebook, and Twitter).
2. Articles must have link to the official project website (https://ezmarket.io) and a link to the ANN thread.

Rewards
1. If your post bellow 200 words, you will receive 50 stakes
2. If your post longer than 200 words, you will receive 50-200 stakes depending on the quality of the article post.

How to join:
Post your works as following format:
